Themes: Update Documentation (#2627)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/themes/sass/animations.md

```

Keyframes selectors for the animation steps along with CSS styles for the keyframes are defined inside the body of the mixin.

Here's an example of creating a new animation mixin that can be used with our `animation` mixin.

```scss
@mixin fade-in-bottom {
    @include keyframes(fade-in-bottom) {
        0% {
            transform: translateY(50px);
            opacity: 0;
        }

        100% {
            transform: translateY(0);
            opacity: 1;
        }
    }
} 
```
<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Animation Mixin

The [animation]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#mixin-animation) mixin serves as a vessel for animating elements using a list of animation properties passed as parameters. Users can specify animation properties like `name`, `duration`, `delay`, `direction`, `iteration count`, etc. Multiple keyframe animations can be passed to the `animation` mixin.

```scss
//include the 'fade-in-top' keyframes animation mixin
@include fade-in-top();

//include the animation mixin with parameters
.my-class {
    @include animation('fade-in-top' 3s $ease-out-quad infinite);
}
```
<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Timing Functions

> We include a list of pre-baked timing functions to use with our keyframes mixins. Read the [documentation]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html) the full list of timing functions visit their documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We include a list of pre-baked timing functions to use with our keyframes mixins. Read the [documentation]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html) to find the full list of timing functions.
```
